Web pages:

HOME PAGE (PORTIFILOIO)
1) About me 
A LITTLE BIT ABOUT ME!
First paragraph: 
I am Anahita Firoozi. Anahita is my full name. As far as I remember, most  of people call me, Ana. Therefore, Please feel free to call me, Ana. I am from Persia.  I graduated from college and my major in college was science. I worked about 10 years ( The  link--- Please see my resume to find out more about me)  before coming to the USA.  I speak Farsi. I write Farsi from right to left. Since Middle school, I have been always interested in learning a foreign language, especially English. So, you probably can guess what is one of my hobbies by now. 

Second paragraph: 
My first hobby is learning a foreign language. I mostly enjoy learning English as my second language because it provides a broader access to education and information. These days, most of information are in English.
The second hobby that I really enjoy is traveling. The main reason is that it gives a chance to get to know people from different cultures and learn different things from them.

2) Contact me 
Basically is a form to get people’s contact information.

An example of Portfolio I found online :
1) Floatleft.com/portfolio/

Likes: The thing that I liked about this individual portfolio is that he has like twitter icons and other icons that it is linked to the, for example twitter webpage.  It is has a header and footer sections that are recognizable and has his logo and menu bar.

Dislikes: The thing that I have been really confused about is by looking at his home page I can not tell exactly what is about and if it belongs to an individual or not. The main includes I guess bunch of other portfolios from other individuals!!  

2) workdiary.de
   
  Likes: The most intersting thing about this website which is created by a german individual is when cilck on the middle, it takes to a page that a small window opens
  asking to translate the page which is in german to English. That is most useful and apealing featureto me who do not understand german and curious to know about this website
  Another thing is the first page shows a vistor that it belongs to an individual beause his full name is up in the heading and then he talks about himself in afew sentence
  The last I like is that this page is different. The mouse shape on the screen looks different and things are moving when you hover over them. 
  
  Dislike: The first page looks a bit confusing since you don't know where click and go to find out the information. it takes time and patience to figure it out. These days
  people donot have enough patience and curiousity to figure things out.

3) 



Colors for the followings:
Body text color: Blue #0000ff
Header text: White  #ffffff
Link text : purple  #8000ff            visited link text: Aqua  #00ffff
Background color : white  #ffffff
Header/footer  Background color: #fff00ff
Menu bar color :gray #867979






